# property_listings_content_optimizer
An LLM pipeline that does image analysis, extracts and displays captions, and generates title, summary, and sections for AirBnb property listings.

The ___deck___ folder contains a flow of the processes in the pipeline and the logic used to build it. Take a look at this presentation before following the scripts.

The repo contains images and reviews from an AirBnb listing. The images are analysed and captions are stored and embeded. The captions are used for the images later, and to ground the LLM prompt. The reviews are also embeded and they are used to ground the LLM prompt. Both the images and the reviews are embedded so we can analyze them later when we need to. The image analysis is intended to return a list of rooms that will also ground the LLM and not allow it to add rooms or amenities that don't exist.

The listings have a section that the property manager fills out and this should not be generated by the LLM, these are stored in the sections_to_exclude folder. The sections to exclude are appended to the generated content but aren't modified. 

The property manager can edit the content, and these edits are stored and are intended to be analyzed so we can understand what the user changes and how that affects the revenue. By analyzing user edits, we can create rules that can be further used to inform the prompts for the content generation. There is a maximum of 2 edits for this POC that the user can make before they have to change the inputs in the first step.

FAISS is used as a vector database for local testing, as well as OpenAI and LangChain. The Streamlit app is hosted here: https://property-listings-optimizer.streamlit.app/. 
